[IMP] web: adds the header to the list view (#3044)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/backend/views.rst

        * if there is an ``icon``, ``alt`` text for the icon
    ``type``
        type of button, indicates how it clicking it affects Odoo:

        ``object``
            call a method on the list's model. The button's ``name`` is the
            method, which is called with the current row's record id and the
            current context.

            .. web client also supports a @args, which allows providing
               additional arguments as JSON. Should that be documented? Does
               not seem to be used anywhere

        ``action``
            load an execute an ``ir.actions``, the button's ``name`` is the
            database id of the action. The context is expanded with the list's
            model (as ``active_model``), the current row's record
            (``active_id``) and all the records currently loaded in the list
            (``active_ids``, may be just a subset of the database records
            matching the current search)

    ``display``
      attribute allowing to know when the button should be displayed.
      The default value is  ``selection``.
        ``always``
          the button is always displayed.
        ``selection``

>           the button is only displayed if at least one record is selected.

Reviewer: By default, those buttons are only displayed when some records are selected, and they apply on the selection. When the attribute `display` is set to `always`, the button is available all the time, even if there's no selection.

  A special button (`type="edit"`) can be defined to open the many2one form view.

``header``
  defines custom :ref:`buttons <reference/views/list/button>` in the control panel that perform an action/call a model's method.

  .. code-block:: xml

      <header>
          <button name=toDo" type="object" string="Always Display" display="always"/>
          <button name="toDo" type="object" string="Selection Display"/>
      </header>

  ``button``
    as :ref:`button <reference/views/list/button>` with:

    ``display``
      By default, those buttons are only displayed when some records are
      selected, and they apply on the selection. When the attribute ``display``
      is set to ``always``, the button is available all the time, even if there's

>       no selection.

Reviewer 2: RST is very sensitive to indentation. Even 1 extra space creates a description list in HTML, which is probably not intended here.

Author: We discussed it with aab and we prefer our solution. We find it more clear.

Author: > RST is very sensitive to indentation. Even 1 extra space creates a description list in HTML, which is probably not intended here.

Are you sure for this fix ?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure to understand the question. Am I sure that this is the RST syntax for a description list? Then yes^^

What are you trying to achieve here with that extra space? I can't tell if it's a mistake or an attempt at reproducing a structure you saw somewhere else?

Author: I do the same as in the rest of the code. I'm not sure I understand.
```
``header``
  defines custom :ref:`buttons <reference/views/list/button>` in the control panel that perform an action/call a model's method.
  When used within a header, buttons accept the extra attribute :ref:`display <...>`.
```

Reviewer 2: Ok, I see! Then you must insert `.. rst-class:: o-definition-list` before the code block on line 1939 and before \``display`` on line 1949. This applies the appropriate styling on description lists, which are used as a hack to list attributes.

> ``header``
>   defines custom :ref:`buttons <reference/views/list/button>` in the control panel that perform an action/call a model's method.
> 
>   .. code-block:: xml
> 
>       <header>
>           <button name=toDo" type="object" string="Always Display" display="always"/>
>           <button name="toDo" type="object" string="Selection Display"/>
>       </header>
> 
>   ``button``
>     as :ref:`button <reference/views/list/button>` with:
> 
>     ``display``
>       By default, those buttons are only displayed when some records are
>       selected, and they apply on the selection. When the attribute ``display``
>       is set to ``always``, the button is available all the time, even if there's
>       no selection.

Reviewer 2: I find it confusing and disruptive (compared to the rest of the page) to duplicate *part of* the reference of `button` inside that of `header` *without* mentioning the existence of the `display` attribute in the original definition of `button`, which is where readers will look for an explanation on `display`.

Now, if you're convinced that it is clearer, please consider adding more text to make it a bit easier to understand:
```suggestion
``header``
  defines custom :ref:`buttons <reference/views/list/button>` in the control panel that perform an action/call a model's method.

  .. code-block:: xml

      <header>
          <button name=toDo" type="object" string="Always Display" display="always"/>
          <button name="toDo" type="object" string="Selection Display"/>
      </header>
   
  Does not support any attribute but can have a child:             

  .. rst-class:: o-definition-list

  ``button``
    as a :ref:`button <reference/views/list/button>` which accepts an extra attribute when placed in a `header`:
    
    .. rst-class:: o-definition-list

    ``display``
      By default, those buttons are only displayed when some records are
      selected, and they apply on the selection. When the attribute ``display``
      is set to ``always``, the button is available all the time, even if there's
      no selection.
```
